ah mongooses are too good at this game
Yahoo NEMA oh they're in the lock I'm
coming to get you ready or not
you can't catch us
oh yes I can you won't touch me NEMA owe
me for me and you definitely won't catch
us oh mama
they've all gone I can't find them it's
not fair
mama will you play with me instead oh
come on
poor little NEMA let's go and see mojo
the cheetah I've had more luck finding
friends today ah moja has spotted
something in the distance and they are
going to investigate I've not seen one
of these before
it's huge maybe it's a type of elephant
I don't see any drunk though but it does
have wheels maybe it's a really fun Wow
Mama's on top of the wheelie fund come
on let's play I'm going to climb up a
big round ears careful they're bit
slippery where's its mouth it must have
a mouth somewhere and some eyes or at
least a tail
maybe it's hiding its face on the inside
what's that noise
the we leaf ant is snoring
it must be asleep Shh yeah it's not much
fun to play with if it's sleeping I've
got an idea let's play a game together
instead come on you're it
can I go first come on guys see if you
can catch me I'm the fastest I am the
fastest nanananana